What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A hidden "git" folder is created. This needs to be done so that the future changes in the files can
be tracked and stored in the git folder.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do
you think it offers?

The staging area differs from the working directory in that feature of Git that lets you choose
which files to add to the repository, and prepare which files to commit instead of commiting all
the files in the working directory. It is also different from the repository, since it is a
temporary directory where the files to commit are stored, before making changes to the repository,
where the files that are commited are stored and tracked.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

You can compare the differences between the files in the staging area, and the files in the working
directory or the repository, to see which changes in code are going to be commited. That way, you can
be sure you are only commiting the desired changes.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would
branches help?

It is helpful when you want to add features that are not well tested or create a version of your code
that is experimental, and you want to keep a working version of your code.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They mainly help you analyze the reachability of each commit, and where branches split from the 
master branch. This helps you see what changes are included in each branch.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we
do?

It combines the changes made to a file in two different branches, by adding the code each branch
implemented to the file, and removing the code that was present in the original file, but was deleted
in one of the branches. The diagram is represented in that way because it lets us see at what stage
the branches were merged, and it lets us see which commits were included in the merge.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

With automatic merging, you save time and can combine code from two different versions of a file
easily, but you can't chose what will be merged. With manual merge, although you have to dedicate
more time to revising the code, you can chose which sections of code that are in conflict will make
it to the final version of the file.